source/ways-to-give/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Ways to <span class="yellow">Give</span>
menu: "Ways to Give"
order: 1
hero:
  use: true
  image: hero-ways-to-give.jpg 
  alt_text: Hero Alt Text
  vertical: bottom 
  horizontal: left 
numbered_list:
  - list_number: one 
    heading: Give online
    copy: |
      Use our <a href="http://connect.ucsc.edu/givenow">secure donation site.</a>
    link_copy: secure donation site
    url: "http://connect.ucsc.edu/givenow"
  - list_number: two 
    heading: Recurring gifts
    copy: | 
      Establish a regular schedule of giving by credit card, bank transfer, or check on our <a href="http://connect.ucsc.edu/givenow">online donation site.</a> 
    link_copy: online donation site
    url: "http://connect.ucsc.edu/givenow"
  - list_number: three 
    heading: Legacy giving
    copy: |
      <a href="https://plannedgifts.ucsc.edu">Make a planned gift or let us know</a> UCSC is in your estate plan.
    link_copy: Make a planned gift or let us know      
    url: "https://plannedgifts.ucsc.edu"
  - list_number: four
    heading: Securities
    copy: |
      To donate stocks, bonds, mutuals funds, please follow instructions in <a href="/assets/documents/gifts-of-stock.pdf">this form.</a>
    link_copy: this form
    url: "/assets/documents/gifts-of-stock.pdf"
  - list_number: five
    heading: UC payroll deduction
    copy: |
      Faculty and staff may arrange regular, scheduled contributions through the <a href="http://connect.ucsc.edu/s/1069/index.aspx?sid=1069&gid=1001&pgid=1795&cid=3427&post_id=0">payroll deduction form</a>. You can also give through your retirement plan.
    link_copy: payroll deduction form
    url: "http://connect.ucsc.edu/s/1069/index.aspx?sid=1069&gid=1001&pgid=1795&cid=3427&post_id=0"
  - list_number: six
    heading: Complex assets
    copy: |
      Illiquid securities, real estate, insurance, intellectual property, business interest, cryptocurrencies—contact Molly Sims, executive director of development, molly.sims@ucsc.edu or (831) 239-0027.
  - list_number: seven 
    heading: Mail a check
    copy: |
      Please complete a <a href="/assets/documents/gifts-pledges-mail-form.pdf">gift form</a> and send it with your gift to<br>
      UC Santa Cruz Foundation<br>
      Attn: Gift Administration<br>
      1156 High St<br>
      Santa Cruz, CA<br>
      95064<br><br>
      Make checks payable to "UC Santa Cruz Foundation," and be as specific as possible about what program you wish to support.<br><br>
      (For gifts or pledges of more than $25,000, please contact <a href="mailto:giving@ucsc.edu">giving@ucsc.edu</a>.)
    url: "/assets/documents/gifts-pledges-mail-form.pdf"
support_areas:
  - heading: UCSC Fund
    copy: "Support a vibrant learning environment with a gift to the area of greatest need."
    image: parents-families.jpg
    image_alt: student with parent
    button_text: Learn More
    button_link: /areas-to-support/ucsc-fund/
    division_list: false
  - heading: Planned Giving
    copy: "If you have included UC Santa Cruz in your estate plans or would like to discuss opportunities..."
    image: man-with-seedlings.jpg
    image_alt: image alt text
    button_text: Let Us Know
    button_link: http://plannedgifts.ucsc.edu/
  - heading: Crowdfunding
    copy: "Support student success and exciting new projects!"
    image: crowdfunding.jpg
    image_alt: Crowdfunding image of students
    button_text: Learn More
    button_link: https://crowdfund.ucsc.edu/
  - heading: Endowment
    copy: "Make your gift transcend generations."
    image: endowment.jpg
    image_alt: image alt text
    button_text: Learn More
    button_link: /ways-to-give/endowment-giving/
  - heading: Recurring Gifts
    copy: "Monthly giving is a great way to budget charitable donations and sustain your impact."
    image: greenhouse-research.jpg
    image_alt: image alt text
    button_text: Learn More
    button_link: /ways-to-give/recurring-gifts/
---
{% if page.numbered_list.size > 3 %}
  <section class="ways-to-give two-col-grid">
{% for cell in page.numbered_list %}
<div class="container">
              <h3>{{cell.heading}}</h3>
              <p class="copy">{{cell.copy}}</p>
              </div>
{% endfor%}
</section>
{% endif %}
{% if page.support_areas %}
<section class="cta two-col-grid">
  {% for item in page.support_areas %}
    <div class="grid-cell">
        <div class="container">
            <div class="copy">
                <h2>{{item.heading}}</h2>
                <p>{{item.copy}}</p>
                <a href="{{item.button_link}}" class="yellow-pill">{{item.button_text}}</a>
            </div>
            {% asset {{item.image}} magick:resize=200 alt="{{item.image_alt}}" %}
        </div>
        {%- if item.division_list -%} {%- include division-list.html -%} {%- endif -%}
        {%- if item.college_list -%} {%- include college-list.html -%} {%- endif -%}
    </div>

  {% endfor %}

</section>
{% endif %}

Commit message:

Create Employer Match (Double the Donation) Page (#136)
* Add double the donation script

* Build trigger -- Add employer match

* Edits

* Edit CSP to allow DTD

* Move DTD scripts to footer, add copy to Employer Match page.

* Move DTD scripts to an include file, adjust logic.

* Add link to "Ways to Give" page, minor copy edits.

* Edit CSS on Ways to Give

source/ways-to-give/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Ways to <span class="yellow">Give</span>
menu: "Ways to Give"
order: 1
hero:
  use: true
  image: hero-ways-to-give.jpg 
  alt_text: Hero Alt Text
  vertical: bottom 
  horizontal: left 
numbered_list:
  - list_number: one 
    heading: Give online
    copy: |
      Use our <a href="http://connect.ucsc.edu/givenow">secure donation site.</a>
    link_copy: secure donation site
    url: "http://connect.ucsc.edu/givenow"
  - list_number: two 
    heading: Recurring gifts
    copy: | 
      Establish a regular schedule of giving by credit card, bank transfer, or check on our <a href="http://connect.ucsc.edu/givenow">online donation site.</a> 
    link_copy: online donation site
    url: "http://connect.ucsc.edu/givenow"
  - list_number: three 
    heading: Legacy giving
    copy: |
      <a href="https://plannedgifts.ucsc.edu">Make a planned gift or let us know</a> UCSC is in your estate plan.
    link_copy: Make a planned gift or let us know      
    url: "https://plannedgifts.ucsc.edu"
  - list_number: four
    heading: Securities
    copy: |
      To donate stocks, bonds, mutuals funds, please follow instructions in <a href="/assets/documents/gifts-of-stock.pdf">this form.</a>
    link_copy: this form
    url: "/assets/documents/gifts-of-stock.pdf"
  - list_number: five
    heading: UC payroll deduction
    copy: |
      Faculty and staff may arrange regular, scheduled contributions through the <a href="http://connect.ucsc.edu/s/1069/index.aspx?sid=1069&gid=1001&pgid=1795&cid=3427&post_id=0">payroll deduction form</a>. You can also give through your retirement plan.
    link_copy: payroll deduction form
    url: "http://connect.ucsc.edu/s/1069/index.aspx?sid=1069&gid=1001&pgid=1795&cid=3427&post_id=0"
  - list_number: six
    heading: Complex assets
    copy: |
      Illiquid securities, real estate, insurance, intellectual property, business interest, cryptocurrencies—contact Molly Sims, executive director of development, molly.sims@ucsc.edu or (831) 239-0027.
  - list_number: seven 
    heading: Mail a check
    copy: |
      Please complete a <a href="/assets/documents/gifts-pledges-mail-form.pdf">gift form</a> and send it with your gift to<br>
      UC Santa Cruz Foundation<br>
      Attn: Gift Administration<br>
      1156 High St<br>
      Santa Cruz, CA<br>
      95064<br><br>
      Make checks payable to "UC Santa Cruz Foundation," and be as specific as possible about what program you wish to support.<br><br>
      (For gifts or pledges of more than $25,000, please contact <a href="mailto:giving@ucsc.edu">giving@ucsc.edu</a>.)
    url: "/assets/documents/gifts-pledges-mail-form.pdf"
  - list_number: eight
    heading: Employer matching
    copy: |
      Many employers match their employees’ charitable contributions, providing an easy and effective way of leveraging your gift to UC Santa Cruz. Some companies provide the guidelines and forms to fill out online, or you can check with your Human Resources office. Some companies match the contributions of retirees and employees’ spouses. <a href="/ways-to-give/employer-match">Search our database</a> to see if your employer will match your donation.
support_areas:
  - heading: UCSC Fund
    copy: "Support a vibrant learning environment with a gift to the area of greatest need."
    image: parents-families.jpg
    image_alt: student with parent
    button_text: Learn More
    button_link: /areas-to-support/ucsc-fund/
    division_list: false
  - heading: Planned Giving
    copy: "If you have included UC Santa Cruz in your estate plans or would like to discuss opportunities..."
    image: man-with-seedlings.jpg
    image_alt: image alt text
    button_text: Let Us Know
    button_link: http://plannedgifts.ucsc.edu/
  - heading: Crowdfunding
    copy: "Support student success and exciting new projects!"
    image: crowdfunding.jpg
    image_alt: Crowdfunding image of students
    button_text: Learn More
    button_link: https://crowdfund.ucsc.edu/
  - heading: Endowment
    copy: "Make your gift transcend generations."
    image: endowment.jpg
    image_alt: image alt text
    button_text: Learn More
    button_link: /ways-to-give/endowment-giving/
  - heading: Recurring Gifts
    copy: "Monthly giving is a great way to budget charitable donations and sustain your impact."
    image: greenhouse-research.jpg
    image_alt: image alt text
    button_text: Learn More
    button_link: /ways-to-give/recurring-gifts/
---
{% if page.numbered_list.size > 3 %}
  <section class="ways-to-give two-col-grid">
{% for cell in page.numbered_list %}
<div class="container">
              <h3>{{cell.heading}}</h3>
              <p class="copy">{{cell.copy}}</p>
              </div>
{% endfor%}
</section>
{% endif %}
{% if page.support_areas %}
<section class="cta two-col-grid">
  {% for item in page.support_areas %}
    <div class="grid-cell">
        <div class="container">
            <div class="copy">
                <h2>{{item.heading}}</h2>
                <p>{{item.copy}}</p>
                <a href="{{item.button_link}}" class="yellow-pill">{{item.button_text}}</a>
            </div>
            {% asset {{item.image}} magick:resize=200 alt="{{item.image_alt}}" %}
        </div>
        {%- if item.division_list -%} {%- include division-list.html -%} {%- endif -%}
        {%- if item.college_list -%} {%- include college-list.html -%} {%- endif -%}
    </div>

  {% endfor %}

</section>
{% endif %}
